docs: gomod artifacts hostRules (#20222)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/gomod/readme.md

  ]
}
```

### Private Modules Authentication

> Before executing `go` commands to update the `go.sum`, Renovate will export `git` [`insteadOf`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-config#Documentation/git-config.txt-urlltbasegtinsteadOf) directives in environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the `go` commands to update the `go.sum`, Renovate exports `git` [`insteadOf`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-config#Documentation/git-config.txt-urlltbasegtinsteadOf) directives in environment variables.
```

The following logic is executed prior to "artifacts" updating:

The token from the `hostRules` entry matching `hostType=github` and `matchHost=api.github.com` is added as the default authentication for `github.com`.

> For those running against `github.com`, this will be the default platform token.

Author: ```suggestion
For those running against `github.com`, this token will be the default platform token.
```

> For those running against `github.com`, this will be the default platform token.

Reviewer: For me it's not clear at a glance what _this_ points at. Maybe you can explain what _this_ is?

> Next, all hostRules with both a token and matchHost will be fetched, except for any github.com one from above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, all `hostRules` with both a token and `matchHost` will be fetched, except for any github.com one from above.
```

> Rules from this list will be converted to environment variable directives it they matchy any of the following characteristics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules from this list are converted to environment variable directives if they match _any_ of the following characteristics:
```

>  - No hostType is defined, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - No `hostType` is defined, or
```

>  - hostType is `go`, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `hostType` is `go`, or
```

>  - hostType is a platform (`github`, `gitlab`, `azure`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `hostType` is a platform (`github`, `gitlab`, `azure`, etc.)
```
